hey people john here from fast films and
today we're covering a 2015 american
thriller movie called the sand
the starting scene flips off at a serene
beach which hosts the silence after a
wild party from last night the camera
then shows us a guy who's covering the
whole wild teenage party
he walks up to a girl named kaylee and
offers her a drink
she refuses but once she spots her
ex-boyfriend jonah with his new
girlfriend she accepts the drink and
chugs on it
meanwhile the party brews on as the
organizer named mitch takes away
everyone's phones as per the vegas rules
during the whole time the guys and gals
enjoy themselves later a guy named
gilbert and his friend vance carry a
huge slimy rock to the fire and place
the heavy thing on the ground
multiple scenarios play side by side
where mitch takes kaylee aside meanwhile
gilbert gets drunk and gets his face
vandalized as the sun rises up kaylee is
the first one to wake up in mitch's arms
she gets out of the guard room and
catches jonah waking up in his car
as he tries to get out his girlfriend
named chanda pulls him back inside and
they proceed to have romance while the
couple on the back seat also intermingle
with each other
as kaylee stands up the dock she scans
the beach and finds discarded clothing
around the sand while no one else is to
be seen there
in the interim the guys wake up a
topless girl named marsha as she lay
asleep on the bench
she wakes up gruggly and starts to vomit
the people in the car recline with
disgust meanwhile kaylee suddenly
notices the bird disappearing under the
sand suddenly marsha steps in the sand
despite kaylie's warning her feet get
stuck and she's eventually pulled
towards it under intense agony as she
screams for help vance also jumps out of
the car and runs to her rescue but falls
flat in the sand and goes immobile as
well as everyone watches in horror his
face gets torn apart by something and he
eventually vanishes under the ground as
well
due to the sudden tragedy vance's
girlfriend ronnie starts crying and all
of the people break into an argument to
conclude the discussion kaylee walks to
the edge and hovers her hand above the
sand which erects some tiny tentacles
from the ground
in the meantime gilbert wakes up and
finds himself stuck in a drum he
struggles to get loose but all his
friends warn him about the fanatical
force under the sand to console him
mitch illustrates a false hope for him
to wait till the tide rises afterwards
kaylee confronts him about it over a
bottle of vodka and mitch states it's
better to give gilbert some hope before
he dies
kaylee sighs in agreement and the time
passes on the group from the car keeps
shifting their places in order to pass
the time
meanwhile gilbert gets nauseous from the
strain and the difficulty not to mention
the heat of the sun
during the hours kaylee discusses the
last night with mitch they both talk
about what happened before the sand got
them as they ponder mitch finds a
sunblock and kaylee runs outside to help
everybody with it she throws it towards
jonah and as he applies it on chanda's
back they discuss all the possibilities
from the last night the analogy dawns a
fact on them that all of their fellows
have been engulfed by the sand
tears break from their eyes as they let
reality consume them gilbert also gets
frustrated and jonah throws him the
sunblock to calm him down
just then kaylee notices the huge rock
hatched open it's now revealed that the
slimy thing was actually an egg which is
now causing all the devastation
upon the revelation ronnie refuses to
believe in monsters in order to test if
the thing is actually alive kaylee
arrives with hot dogs and throws it on
the sand
as soon as it falls on the ground
everyone witnesses the hot dog to be
engulfed by the hairy strands
gilbert lament says they're wasting the
food and asks for one hot dog but loses
his appetite as a bird gets disemboweled
in front of him
the incident makes him hysterical while
mitch throws one hot dog in a separate
direction and luckily it doesn't get
eaten away
that spreads a sigh of relief and joy in
them as it's confirmed now that the
creature hasn't spread everywhere
in the meantime ronnie discusses that
nobody is going to look for them and
they're all by themselves the argument
puts jonah into action mode and he gets
forward to use the surfboard to get to
the safer area
the girls try to stop him but he stays
adamant on his choice and successfully
places the boards on the sand
afterwards he manages to walk on them
without getting harmed but an emotional
argument breaks out between kaylee and
jonah they discuss how everyone is
befitting their own benefits after the
squabble jonah turns to climb on the
wooden bench table but his board slides
back he now gets in real struggle as he
tussles to hold on to the bench without
falling in the sand intermediately the
strands erupt from the surface and lunge
at his abs
he screams in agony while kaylee bursts
into tears nevertheless he manages to
climb on the bench table but it's
revealed that his stomach is brutally
blistered due to the excruciating pain
he lies down and goes limp his friends
begin to cry and grieve but jonah wakes
up again to everyone's relief
despite the pain he gets up and opens a
bag of supplies
inside he finds a banana which he uses
to trace the surface of the sand as no
strand picks on it he jumps on the
ground and stays safe
therefore he takes a bite of banana but
suddenly his stomach wounds turn into
blisters filled with pus
jonah starts vomiting and kaylee guides
him back to the table upon reaching the
top he finds soda cans and water bottles
which he throws to everyone the girls
take a chug as well as gilbert who
heaves a sigh of gratitude as a water
bottle drops into his hands
furthermore mitch propels a failed
attempt to catch the throne can and due
to his act the guard railing gets loose
with the bolts
unfortunately in the meantime jonah's
condition worsens as his wounds now
start to squirt blood
due to the dripple agony he crawls to
the table and slowly lies down while
kaylee and chanda start crying as their
beloved boy drowns in pain
on the other hand gilbert suggests
calling somebody via phones upon that
mitch reveals that they're in the trunk
and in order to get them ronnie
volunteers she manages to climb on the
rear bumper while chanda holds her hand
in order to not let her fall down
ronnie struggles to open the trunk but
it hits her shins and she can't open it
as an innovative idea kaylee brings in
the rescue hook so ronnie can lean back
using this specific technique and
through a strenuous effort she manages
to open the trunk successfully but just
then a rescue car arrives on the beach
which diverts ronnie's attention
she slips her foot and the trunk closes
on her fingers she bellows in agony as
her fingers are now crushed in the
crevice in the meantime the warden parks
right in front of them and both mitch
and kaylee request him for help and
backup
furthermore they warn him about the
dangers of the sand but the warden walks
out unaffected he strolls over to jonah
and ponders over the disgusting mess
still unaffected he walks over to
gilbert and makes fun of him
after going through ronnie and chanda
the warden steps towards the lodging
where mitch notices that his shoes are
protecting him from the hairy strands
as the warden reaches them they try to
tell him about everything but he refuses
to believe them
during the talk his keys fall on the
sand and just as he gets down to pick it
up the strands get him as well
for his defense kaylee projects him to
use the pepper spray
the spray manages to loosen the strands
but the warden's arm gets amputated
brutally his screams ring around as he
falls down with the pain and eventually
gets engulfed as well while kaylee
silently brings back the pepper spray
after this incident mitch proposes that
he can walk to the safer area by
wrapping his feet with the towel
despite their reservations the girls
allow him and chanda throws the towel to
mitch as he stands on the edge of the
railing
unfortunately the second throw causes
him to lose his own balance and the
guard railing breaks
mitch tumbles down into the sand where
the strand slowly pierce his body and
everyone watches in sheer terror as
their friend gets shredded to pieces
following the turmoil kaylee gathers her
strength and calls chanda to grab the
railings
she climbs on the hood and receives the
wooden posts as kaylee breaks them and
hands them to chanda
afterwards kaylee climbs to the edge and
jumps into the car
upon getting up she lands a hard punch
on chanda's face for screwing her
boyfriend
as the girls settle gilbert enjoys the
scene despite the tension in the
meantime kaylee brings some hope for
jonah and requests gilbert to turn
around and focus on them as he struggles
to turn in his drum kaylee and chanda
scuffle to wrench ronnie's hand free
from the closed trunk with one strong
shove they pull her hand out and wrap
her fingers in the towel while she
whimpers due to the overwhelming pain
nevertheless they all continue their
arduous effort to gain some stability
kaylee then urges chanda to go forward
and proceed toward jonah by using the
handrails and placing them in the sand
chanda does so and walks over them
skillfully towards jonah's table in the
interim gilbert gets his belly scraped
against the metal and his blood trickles
down on the surface
meanwhile chanda reaches the table but
jonah calls for kaylee instead
following his wish she carefully walks
on the tip of the posts and falls into
jonah's arm where they both claim their
love for each other once again
at the end of the mall ronnie starts her
walk but due to her injured hand she
loses her balance and falls on the sand
amidst her screams kaylee uses the
pepper spray which helps her stay safe
but it only lasts a moment before ronnie
disappears beneath the engulfing sand as
well
the tragic end brings tears to the
girl's eyes on the other hand the
strands start reaching for gilbert's
blood across the barrel
during the course of time chanda gets
courageous and uses mitch's towel
technique luckily she makes it to the
rescue car and stands triumphant over
the suv
unfortunately the bad luck looms over
them once again and the ground starts
shaking
suddenly massive tentacles erupt in
gilbert's barrel and they snuck him in
one push making him disappear from their
eyes
the monster doesn't stop there and it
starts shaking the suv due to which
chanda falls on her head and gets
knocked out while she lays silently on
the hood of the car kaylee snuggles in
jonah's arm as the sun sets later she
wakes up in the night and calls for
chanda
upon her voice chanda gets up gruggly
and climbs to the roof where she finds
an inflatable raft
following kaylie's instructions chanda
gets the raft ready and both of them
help jonah get up and climb into the car
chanda also climbs in but just as kaylee
halfway inside the ground shutters
violently
the shock wave causes cayley to fall
back into the raft and just in the exact
moment a gigantic luminesce tentacle
flares up from the sand and causes
everyone to lose their minds in terror
the monster tries to attack kaley but
she dodges it and climbs on the roof of
the car
at the back she tries to take off the
gasoline cans but the monster lashes one
out of her reach
therefore she uses the next one to
spread the fuel everywhere and as the
beast lunges at her again with the
tentacle kaley flares up a matchstick
and lights up the whole thing on fire
the monster swirls 360 due to the fire
meanwhile kaylee jumps back in the car
and heaves in exhaustion
as the situation calms down a little bit
the next tragedy awaits them and jonah
gives up on life
as he takes his last breath both kaylee
and chanda burst into tears and cling on
to each other for their dear lives
the following morning a surfer comes to
their side and wakes them up upon seeing
another alive person next to them the
girls regain their senses and kaylee
slowly steps in the sand
upon finding it completely safe she
lends a hand to chanda and both of them
silently walk away from the beach in
silence
and with that the movie concludes
thanks for watching guys